c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\bin\Debug\Restaurant.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmAdminNav.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmCashierNav.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmChangePassword.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmChefNav.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmLogin.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmManageEmployee.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmManageMember.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmManageMenu.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\bin\Debug\Restaurant.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\bin\Debug\Restaurant.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\bin\Debug\Restaurant.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmOrder.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmPayment.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmReport.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Restaurant\Restaurant\obj\Debug\Restaurant.frmViewOrder.resources
